---
title: "Event notes: 2025 Pints for Paws"
date: 2025-01-29
author: Chris
--- 

On Jan 25, 2025, the Tallahassee Animal Shelter Foundation (ASF) hosted the annual
[Pints for
Paws](https://animalshelterfoundation.org/events/pints-for-paws-2025/)
fundraiser for the first time since before the pandemic in 2019. (See [this
article](https://www.tallahassee.com/story/entertainment/restaurants/2025/01/11/pints-for-paws-fundraiser-is-coming-back-in-2025/77554861007/)
for more context.) 

<!--more-->

We had posted our old kegerator for sale on Facebook marketplace, where
[NFBL](https://nfbl.org/) member Tim Rach noticed our conical fermenter in the
background of a photo and asked whether we'd be interested in brewing for the
event. I have poured beer for [Southern
Fields](https://www.southernfieldsbrewingco.com/) a few times since they
opened, but I haven't poured any of my own homebrew since Chris Asa and I took
some beers to the Tallahassee Beer Fest in October of 2017. (In fact, I took
the Dark Mild, and because I was insistent that it be served at cellar
temperature, I actually took the kegerator to the festival.)

Anyway, the event was a great success for the ASF. The weather was beautiful,
especially considering that North Florida had spent the past week shut down for
a historic blizzard; there was still snow on the ground at our table until
after noon. We brewed two beers for this event: an [Italian Pilsner]({{< ref italian-pils >}}) called
"Paws & Pils" and a [Piwo Grodziskie]({{< ref grodziskie >}}) called "Hearth Hound" (participants were
encouraged to use animal-themed beer names). Both beers were very well received
by the attendees. 

I had expected the Grodziskie to be more mixed as to whether folks like it, but
there were very few folks who admitted to not liking it. I think there are two
reasons for this. Firstly, it isn't an offensive beer; the smoke level is
really low. Secondly, selection bias probably weeded out most of the folks who 
disklike smokey flavors, save for a few that I bullied into trying the beer
anyway. The result was that we had people coming up to the table asking about 
both beers due to word of mouth, which is all you can hope for.

It was a great event. We enjoyed supporting this charity and interacting with
attendees and meeting other homebrewers. We took inspiration from other homebrewers
and we're excited to up our game for the next event (Tallahassee Beer Fest later this year, 
unless we can find something sooner).
